Self_Assesment:
    The project developed over teh course of it.  I initially got the group together and we had a few brainstorming sessions.  I ahd origianlly come up with the idea of making a web site to help people decide what types of farms would be mostsuccessful in a given region or area or city ofthe ofuntry based on criteria like, soil composition, length of season for growing crops, possibly even having only livestock.  Would or could someone sustain a small farm without going bacnkrupt and what would one cost for a year?  That sort of eveolved into a tangent on stock prices and we started diving down that path and that lead us to the finance area we landed in.  

    Each group member did a great job working through their part they were responsible for.  I don't think I could have done a better job at collecting data and cleaning it or running machine learning models any better than each group member that spearheaded each of those areas.  

    Over the course of the project we met during each of the class times in our breakout rooms, but we also met in person a few times to really dive in and discuss progress and the direction of the project.  I feel that each time we got together the project took a little bit more of a different angle and we really had a rough time figuring out what questions we were trying to answer as more data flowed in.  

    Creating the user interface website was the part of the project another member and I were responsible for.  It was a challenge and getting through the code to get our end result was a lot more cahllenging than I had originally thought it would be.  We definitely created a shell of a website, just connecting all of the pieces to interact with each other correctly is where the roadblocks occured.   


Team Assesment:
    Like I stated previously, our group really communicated well and really got along smoothly during the process.  We utilized slack a lot in a group chat and discussed meeting times and let each other know if we were struggling.  Cullen singlehandedly found all the data and created an entire working database so that Scott and Abdul could run different machine learning models on it.  They all did such a great job connecting and creating great visuals for all the data.  Peter really kept up with the git hub pushes and pulls.  He also tried his best to make some visualizaions in tableau.  I don't think we used any in our presentation, but he really tried to maek soemthing work.  Ceceila and I met up more times outside the group meetings to work through the code for the website.  By the time we got a usable file to work with, our time was very limited and the website was not as functional as we woudl have liked it to be before presentation day.


Summary of Project:
    This project addresses the topic of startup comanies over the last five years and how their stock prices and overall revenue growth and how those factors among other show a potential success rate of certain entrepreneurial ventures.  Would this company be a good one to work for based off of their determined success?  We ran many different machine learning models on this data to see what was the most accurate.  We ultimately chose the LSTM Machine Learning predictive model. Then, based on user input our desire is to understand the qualitative correlations between features in the company information table, to understand which features are most key for future business ventures and what to incorporate into their business plan or job search.  The results of the ananlysis were to be expected with only a few outlier companies that did not fit the model or trend.  